Hello and welcome.
Welcome to your first challenge.
We're going to finally apply what you learned for the factory method pattern.
I want you guys to think of this as an assignment.
This is how you can write your own code so that you can test your knowledge so that you know that you
know that you fully understand how to implement this design pattern.
This is a very popular pattern that's used quite a bit.
So I'm going to give you this assignment.
This is our challenge the requirements for this Simon are as follows.
We're gonna create an application that utilizes different types of animals so duck and Tiger are going
to represent your types of animals those are gonna represent the products.
Your goal for this assignment is to utilize the factory method design pattern for the creation of each
type of animal for the creation of each duck or Tiger you'll need to implement this pattern using the
most common technique.
So I want you to implement this pattern where you use a class with a single factory method.
That method will take a parameter a string which will indicate what object needs to be created.
You don't have to create an abstract create or interface or anything like that you just create one concrete
class that has one factory method takes a string and it will create the correct type of product either
doc or tiger you should create an interface for the products because interfaces we know programming
to an interface the interface through product should have some common method for each type of animal.
This will demonstrate that the right instance was actually created so you can add whatever you want
here you can add a method like eat or walk the implementation of this method doesn't have to be anything
concrete.
The implementation could just display some output.
OK so each each product concrete provides to implement the product interface the concrete products are
the type of animals talking Tiger they're going to implement this Walker eat method again there doesn't
have to actually be real logic in these methods you can just display output.
The purpose of these methods are so that we can invoke them on the instance that's created which will
confirm whether or not the factory method worked in your implementation.
OK so you implement those concrete products you then need to implement implement your concrete factory
class.
Again just one class contains one factory method that's the creator part of the factory method pattern
right.
We understand what the creators.
We understand what the product is.
You can name it whatever you want but it probably be a good idea to call it something like Animal Factory
and the name of the factory method can also be anything you want.
But I would suggest get animal type again.
This factory method is going to work like the most common example that I provided the common most common
implementation.
It takes a string as a parameter that represents the type of the object type of the animal that you
want to create.
And so this method this get method will return an animal reference it shouldn't return a concrete instance
it should return animal reference because then you can pass around this animal reference and you have
better company.
The last thing you want to do is you want to create your client class the client class while the main
method.
This will be testing your factory method pattern implementation.
It will utilize the animal factory to create the type of animal that you specify in the main method
whether you pass in a doc or any kind of animal that you're going to create after creating animal subtype
which points to an animal reference you then using the factory method.
You then want to invoke your method Walker eat that will verify that the correct object was created.
Otherwise you don't know whether or not the instance was created correctly unless you were to put some
output in the constructor or something like that.
But let's do it this way.
So the example output of this program would be something simple like Doc says pack pack Tiger says pile
them home wherever you want to pronounce that right.
Because this is the implementation of the eat.
For this example this is the implementation of a talk method.
And so the talk method here would be just displaying hardcoded output that says you'd correctly implement
or correctly called the correct instance method for the correct type.
So this is using polymorphism you would have an animal reference you would call talk and then the correct
Doc would be called the Tiger would be called because your factory method worked and that's how you
know that this assignment was implemented correctly.
The next lecture I'll provide a solution to this assignment so you can verify whether or not you did
it correctly thank you.